doc/colm/0_03_commandline.adoc, before:

Commandline
===========

Let's start colm with the '--help' command line argument.

```$ ./colm --help
usage: colm [options] file
general:
   -h, -H, -?, --help   print this usage and exit
   -v --version         print version information and exit
   -b <ident>           use <ident> as name of C object encapulaing the program
   -o <file>            if -c given, write C parse object to <file>,
                        otherwise write binary to <file>
   -p <file>            write C parse object to <file>
   -e <file>            write C++ export header to <file>
   -x <file>            write C++ export code to <file>
   -m <file>            write C++ commit code to <file>
   -a <file>            additional code file to include in output program
   -E N=V               set a string value available in the program
   -I <path>            additional include path for the compiler
   -i                   activate branchpoint information
   -L <path>            additional library path for the linker
   -l                   activate logging
   -r                   run output program and replace process
   -c                   compile only (don't produce binary)
   -V                   print dot format (graphiz)
   -d                   print verbose debug information
```

This reveals us some more insights: it reads a 'colm' file and creates a object file with eventually cpp/h/x code.

Commit message:

feat: implement defaulting fromBuildDir for MacOS
Added the detection of fromBuildDir (running from uninstalled source) for
MacOS. This previously just worked for Linux.

doc/colm/0_03_commandline.adoc, after:

Commandline
===========

Let's start colm with the '--help' command line argument.

```$ ./colm --help
usage: colm [options] file
general:
   -h, -H, -?, --help   print this usage and exit
   -v --version         print version information and exit
   -b <ident>           use <ident> as name of C object encapulaing the program
   -B <path>            run in build dir mode, use <path> as the root of the build
   -o <file>            if -c given, write C parse object to <file>,
                        otherwise write binary to <file>
   -p <file>            write C parse object to <file>
   -e <file>            write C++ export header to <file>
   -x <file>            write C++ export code to <file>
   -m <file>            write C++ commit code to <file>
   -a <file>            additional code file to include in output program
   -E N=V               set a string value available in the program
   -I <path>            additional include path for the compiler
   -i                   activate branchpoint information
   -L <path>            additional library path for the linker
   -l                   activate logging
   -r                   run output program and replace process
   -c                   compile only (don't produce binary)
   -V                   print dot format (graphiz)
   -d                   print verbose debug information
   -B <path>
        Run colm from the build directory. Use this when building from source
        and using the resulting binary without installing it. Colm will attempt
        to detect when it is run from the build directory. This flag lets the
        user be expliclit about it. The detection method is specific to the OS
        and can fail. The path given should be the root of the build directory,
        eg what would be returned by ABS_TOP_BUILDDIR (directory where src is).
```

This reveals us some more insights: it reads a 'colm' file and creates a object file with eventually cpp/h/x code.
